Fix/issue 2651 - Fix notice error on WC tax settings page (#2662)
Automattic/woocommerce-services: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 2.3.1 - 2023-xx-xx =

> * Fix    - Fix notice error in WooCommerce tax settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix    - Fix notice error on the WooCommerce tax settings page.
```
